+++


title = "Methods of Controlling Confounding Factors in Adverse Drug Reaction Signal Detection."
date = "2010-01-01"

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Bob Smith", "David Jones"]`.
authors = ["`Qian Wei`", "Yie Xiao-fei", "Wang Chao", "He Jia"]

# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference proceedings
# 2 = Journal
# 3 = Work in progress
# 4 = Technical report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book chapter
publication_types = ["2"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "Chinese Journal of Pharmacovigilance"
publication_short = "Chinese Journal of Pharmacovigilance"

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "It is impossible to randomize the allocation of people using the drug under the post-marketing condition, so hard to control the confounding bias in signal detection of adverse drug reaction(ADR) databases.This article briefly introduces three widely-used methods of controlling confounding bias.It give a brief description of the advantages and limitations of each method, and their applications in ADR signal detection in order to provide some effective information for the post-marketing surveillance."
abstract_short = ""

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = false

# Research (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your researches.
#   Simply enter the filename (excluding '.md') of your research file in `content/research/`.
research = [""]

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = ""


# Does the content use math formatting?
math = true

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = true

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = ""
caption = ""

+++

