+++


title = "Application of Meta-analysis in the Adverse Drug Reaction Signal Detection."
date = "2010-01-01"

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Bob Smith", "David Jones"]`.
authors = ["Ye XF", "`Qian W`", "He J"]

# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference proceedings
# 2 = Journal
# 3 = Work in progress
# 4 = Technical report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book chapter
publication_types = ["2"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "Chinese Journal of Pharmacovigilance"
publication_short = "Chinese Journal of Pharmacovigilance"

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "Meta-analysis is a statistical technique for summarizing previous quantitative research with its unique advantages.In this article we gave a brief introduction about the concept, steps about meta-analysis.And also illustrated several examples including cardiovascular events caused by TZDs, the incidence of adverse drug reactions(ADR) in hospitalized patients and ethnic differences in risks of adverse reactions.In addition, we also suggested that sensitive analysis, sub-group analysis and model selection should not be ignored while applying Meta-analysis in ADR signal detection."
abstract_short = ""

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = false

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename (excluding '.md') of your project file in `content/project/`.
research = [""]

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = ""


# Does the content use math formatting?
math = true

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = true

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = ""
caption = ""

+++

