+++



title = "Application of Stratification Analysis in Adverse Drug Reaction Signal Detection."
date = "2010-01-01"

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Bob Smith", "David Jones"]`.
authors = ["Zhao Lu", "Ye Xiao-fei", "Wang Chao", "`Qian Wei`", "Du Wen-min", "He Jia"]

# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference proceedings
# 2 = Journal
# 3 = Work in progress
# 4 = Technical report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book chapter
publication_types = ["2"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "Chinese Journal of Pharmacovigilance"
publication_short = "Chinese Journal of Pharmacovigilance"

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "As is well known,it is impossible to allocate the drug users in a randomized way under the post-marketing surveillance.Therefore,it is hard to control the confounding factor in signal detection of adverse drug reaction(ADR) databases.It is important to control the potential confounding effects during the analysis of ADR databases and detect signals in a more accurate way.This article briefly used the method of stratification analysis in controlling confounding factors.We analyzed the spontaneous reporting database of shanghai in 2009 with some methods.We compared the difference between stratification analyze and non-stratification analysis.We expect that this article can provide some effective information for the post-marketing surveillance."
abstract_short = ""

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = false

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename (excluding '.md') of your project file in `content/project/`.
research = [""]

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = ""


# Does the content use math formatting?
math = true

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = true

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = ""
caption = ""

+++
