+++


title = "Concurrent use of anti-VEGF and anti-EGFR antibody in patients with colorectal cancer: A meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials."
date = "2014-01-01"

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Bob Smith", "David Jones"]`.
authors = ["`Qian W`", "Chen GC", "Zhang YZ", "Zhu W", "Li ZS", "Cai QC"]

# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference proceedings
# 2 = Journal
# 3 = Work in progress
# 4 = Technical report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book chapter
publication_types = ["2"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "Chinese Journal of Cancer Biotherapy"
publication_short = "Chin J Cancer Biother"

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "Objective : To systematically evaluate the efficacy and safety of the concurrent use of anti-VEGF and anti-EGFR antibodies in patients with metastatic colorectal cancer. Methods: PubMed/MEDLINE，Ovid/EMBASE, Cochrane and some other databases together with related meeting abstracts were searched for randomized controlled trials on this topic by two independent researchers. Data were extracted from the included studies and analyzed using Review Manager 5.0.23. Results: A total of 2059 patients in five studies were included in this Meta-analysis. Compared with the control treatment involving an anti-VEGF or anti-EGFR antibody alone, the concurrent use of anti-VEGF and anti-EGFR antibodies decreased the progression-free survival (RR=1.12, 95% CI: 1.05-1.19). Patients in the two treatment groups did not differ significantly in either overall survival (RR=1.17, 95% CI: 0.98-1.40) or overall response rate (RR=0.97, 95% CI: 0.89-1.07). There were significant differences between the two groups in grade 3/4 adverse cutaneous events (RR=12.62, 95% CI: 1.90-83.84), grade 3/4 infection (RR=1.53, 95% CI: 1.13-2.08), grade 3/4 hypertension (RR=0.61, 95% CI: 0.42-0.87), and grade 3/4 adverse events of nervous system (RR=0.54, 95% CI: 0.37-0.80) but not in grade 3/4 adverse gastrointestinal events (RR=1.48, 95% CI: 0.79-2.77) and grade 3/4 venous thrombosis (RR=1.18, 95% CI: 0.84-1.65). Conclusion: The concurrent use of anti-VEGF and anti-EGFR antibodies offer no additional benefits for patients with metastatic colorectal cancer as compared with the use of theses antibodies each alone and therefore should not be recommended in clinics."
abstract_short = ""

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = false

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename (excluding '.md') of your project file in `content/project/`.
research = [""]

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = ""


# Does the content use math formatting?
math = true

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = true

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = ""
caption = ""

+++

