+++


title = "An Analysis of the Results from Colonoscopy Screening for Colorectal Cancer in Average-risk Individuals in Yixing Area, Jiangsu Province."
date = "2014-01-01"

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Bob Smith", "David Jones"]`.
authors = ["Mao BN", "`Qian W`", "Pan Q", "Liu Q", "Ning YJ", "Chen GC"]

# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference proceedings
# 2 = Journal
# 3 = Work in progress
# 4 = Technical report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book chapter
publication_types = ["2"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "China Cancer"
publication_short = "China Cancer"

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "［Purpose］ To analyze the prevalence rate and anatomic location of colorectal neoplasm and advanced colorectal neoplasm in a cohort of average-risk individuals in Yixing area，Jiangsu Province. ［Methods］ Cross-sectional study was conducted in this study. The average-risk persons in Yixing area of Jiangsu Province who had complete colonoscopy were included. Association of each factor (gender and age) with anatomic location of colorectal neoplasm and advanced colorectal neoplasm were performed by chi-square analyses. A logistic regression method was used to study the relationship between age and risks for colorectal neoplasm and advanced colorectal neoplasm，respectively. The risk for proximal neoplasm according to the distal findings was analyzed by logistic regression method. ［Results］ A total of 905 average-risk persons were included in this study. The prevalence rates of colorectal neoplasm and advanced neoplasm were 34.5% and 5.3%，respectively. The distal colon had higher prevalence rates of colorectal neoplasm and advanced neoplasm than the proximal colon. Prevalence was higher in men than that in women(P<0.01). The risks for colorectal neoplasm and advanced neoplasm increased significantly with age (P<0.01). After adjusted for age and gender，the risk for proximal colorectal neoplasm in the persons with distal colorectal neoplasm was higher than that in the persons without distal colorectal neoplasm(P=0.001). The distal colorectal neoplasm was a predictor for the proximal neoplasm. However，the distal advanced neoplasm was not a significant predictor for the proximal advanced neoplasm. ［Conclusion］ The results in this study were both scientific and credible，and will provide the basis for the formulation of colorectal cancer screening strategies."
abstract_short = ""

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = false

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename (excluding '.md') of your project file in `content/project/`.
research = ["Epidemiological Investigations"]

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = ""


# Does the content use math formatting?
math = true

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = true

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = ""
caption = ""

+++

