+++

title = "Random Forest Propensity Scores Method and its Application in Drug Adverse Reaction Signal Detection."
date = "2016-01-01"

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Bob Smith", "David Jones"]`.
authors = ["Zhang XJ", "Zhang TY", "Xu JF", "Ye XF", "`Qian W`", "He J"]

# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference proceedings
# 2 = Journal
# 3 = Work in progress
# 4 = Technical report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book chapter
publication_types = ["2"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "Chinese Journal of Health Statistics"
publication_short = "Chinese Journal of Health Statistics"

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "Objective The aim of this paper is to describe the basic ideas and algorithms of random forest propensity scores method for controlling confounders and apply it in detecting drug adverse reaction signals.Methods First,we used random forest to calculate a patient's probability of taking bisphosphonates.Then,we analyzed the association of bisphosphonate intake with risk of fracture by controlling potential confounders with propensity score method.The controlling confounders methods included 1:1 matching,1:M matching and regression adjustment by using the propensity score calculated by random forest.The results were compared with those from logistic propensity score.Results The results of random forest propensity score and logistic propensity score were comparable.One to one propensity score matching cause a lot of sample lost and its results were quite different from those based on other methods.Conclusion Random forest propensity score method can reduce the confounding bias.Hence,it could be used as an alternative to and verification of the logistic propensity score in controlling confounders.However,1:1 propensity score matching may not be suitable for adverse drug reaction data from a spontaneous reporting system."
abstract_short = ""

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = false

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename (excluding '.md') of your project file in `content/project/`.
research = ["Machine Learning/Data Mining related"]

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = ""


# Does the content use math formatting?
math = true

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = true

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = ""
caption = ""

+++
