+++

title = "Constipation, fiber intake and non-compliance contribute to inadequate colonoscopy bowel preparation: a prospective cohort study."
date = "2016-01-01"

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Bob Smith", "David Jones"]`.
authors = ["Fang J", "Fu HY", "Ma D", "Wang D", "Liu YP", "Wang YF", "Zhu CP", "`Qian W`", "Bai Y", "Li ZS"]

# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference proceedings
# 2 = Journal
# 3 = Work in progress
# 4 = Technical report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book chapter
publication_types = ["2"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "Journal of Digestive Disease"
publication_short = "J Dig Dis"

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "Objective: Adequate bowel preparation is important for colonoscopy. Currently available evidence on the determinants of poor bowel preparation is largely derived from studies in Western countries. We aimed to identify the risk factors for inadequate bowel preparation for colonoscopy in the Chinese population. Methods: In this single-center study, patients admitted to the Outpatient Department between March 2013 and December 2015 and had indications for colonoscopy were prospectively enrolled. Questionnaires were administered to the patients. Their characteristics and procedure-related parameters such as procedure time were recorded. Bowel preparation was assessed using Boston bowel preparation scale score. Results: A total of 409 patients with a mean age of 48.865 ± 6512.9 years were enrolled in the study, 60.9% of whom were men. On univariate analysis, poor educational level ( P =650.020), chronic constipation ( P =650.001), taking no physical exercise after medication. Conclusions: Chronic constipation, poor compliance with treatment and high-fiber diet were predictors of poor bowel preparation. Patients with these risk factors require more effective strategies for bowel preparation."
abstract_short = ""

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = false

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename (excluding '.md') of your project file in `content/project/`.
research = [""]

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = ""


# Does the content use math formatting?
math = true

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = true

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = ""
caption = ""

+++
