+++

title = "ERCP development in the largest developing country: a national survey from China in 2013."
date = "2016-01-01"

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Bob Smith", "David Jones"]`.
authors = ["Hu LH", "Xin L", "Liao Z", "Pan J", "`Qian W`", "Wang LW", "Li ZS"]

# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference proceedings
# 2 = Journal
# 3 = Work in progress
# 4 = Technical report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book chapter
publication_types = ["2"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "Gastrointestianl Endoscopy"
publication_short = "Gastrointest Endosc"

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "BACKGROUND AND AIMS: The ERCP volume in developed countries has decreased recently, whereas the ERCP trend is unknown in developing countries. This study aimed to evaluate the ERCP development in China between 2006 and 2012. METHODS: All hospitals performing ERCP in mainland China in 2012 participated in an online survey. Data on ERCP infrastructure, volume, indication, and adverse events were collected and compared with those in a previous national survey and in developed countries. RESULTS: From 2006 to 2012 the number of hospitals performing ERCP in China increased from 470 to 1156. The total ERCP volume increased from 63,787 to 195,643, of which >95% were therapeutic. The ERCP rate in China (14.4 per 100,000 inhabitants) in 2012 was still much lower than that in developed countries. There was significant imbalance between different regions (1.3-99.1 per 100,000 inhabitants). The median ERCP volume per hospital decreased from 80 (interquartile range [IQR], 31-150) in 2006 to 52 (IQR, 20-146) in 2012. The median volume of the 686 hospitals that started ERCP after 2006 was 31.5 (IQR, 11-82). The post-ERCP adverse event rate in 2012 was comparable between hospitals in terms of volume (≥500 or <500 per year: 5.8% vs 5.6%) and practice durations (starting ERCP before or after 2006: 5.5% vs 5.6%). CONCLUSIONS: ERCP has developed considerably in China in recent years. Despite low annual volume, the hospitals starting ERCP after 2006 have acceptable adverse event rates and will be promising and important sources of ERCP development in China."
abstract_short = ""

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = false

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename (excluding '.md') of your project file in `content/project/`.
research = ["Epidemiological investigations"]

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = ""


# Does the content use math formatting?
math = true

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = true

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = ""
caption = ""

+++
