+++


title = "ERCP practitioners in China: results from national surveys in 2007 and 2013."
date = "2016-01-01"

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Bob Smith", "David Jones"]`.
authors = ["Hu LH", "Xin L", "Wang LW", "`Qian W`", "Liao Z",  "Li ZS"]

# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference proceedings
# 2 = Journal
# 3 = Work in progress
# 4 = Technical report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book chapter
publication_types = ["2"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "Endoscopy"
publication_short = "Endoscopy"

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "Background and study aims: The endoscopist performing endoscopic retrograde cholangiopancreatography (ERCP) has an essential role in the development of that procedure. Given that the practice status and training background of Chinese ERCP practitioners (ERCPists) were largely unknown, two surveys were conducted to determine the status and development of this professional group. Methods: National surveys were conducted by the Chinese Society of Digestive Endoscopy in 2007 and 2013. Information regarding numbers, demographic characteristics, practice status, and training background of ERCPists was collected. Results: Total numbers of ERCPists in mainland China increased from 1155 to 3345 (0.88 to 2.47 per million inhabitants) between 2006 and 2012. Regional distribution of ERCPists showed significant imbalance, and the ERCPist – population ratio correlated with gross domestic product per capita (2006, r = 0.871, P r = 0.452, P = 0.005). The mean (standard deviation) age of ERCPists decreased from 42.5 (6.1) years to 37.4 (5.4) years; the proportion of female ERCPists increased from 11.1 % to 16.8 %. In 2006 and 2012, annual ERCP volumes per endoscopist were 55.2 and 58.5, respectively, similar to that in most Western countries. The most common training pathway was participation in a training program in an ERCP center within China (2006, 51.1 %; 2012, 73.4 %); the proportion of ERCPists with no standard training decreased from 20.8 % to 8.0 %. Conclusions: Between 2006 and 2012 in China there has been significant development in ERCP personnel and training. However, the shortage and regional imbalances are still obvious and a higher ERCP volume per endoscopist is needed."
abstract_short = ""

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = false

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename (excluding '.md') of your project file in `content/project/`.
research = ["Epidemiological investigations"]

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = ""


# Does the content use math formatting?
math = true

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = true

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = ""
caption = ""

+++
