+++

title = "Diagnostic Value of Serum Gastrin-17 for Antral Atrophy under Different Hp Infection Status."
date = "2017-01-01"

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Bob Smith", "David Jones"]`.
authors = ["Zhu Chunping", "Zhao Jianye", "`Qian Wei`", "Sun Mingjun", "Liu Wei", "Xu Jianming", "Cai Quancai", "Du Yiqi", "Li Zhaoshen"]

# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference proceedings
# 2 = Journal
# 3 = Work in progress
# 4 = Technical report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book chapter
publication_types = ["2"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "Chinese Journal of Gastroenterology"
publication_short = "Chi J Gastro"

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "Background: Chronic atrophic gastritis( CAG) is a precancerous lesion of gastric cancer. The diagnostic value of serum gastrin-17( G-17) level for CAG differs substantioulsy,and Helicobacter pylori( Hp) infection may play an important role. Aims: To explore the effect of Hp infection on serum G-17 level,and the diagnostic value of serum G-17 level for CAG under different Hp infection status. Methods: A total of 204 patients with chronic non-atrophic gastritis and81 patients with CAG from May 2014 to May 2015 at the three different hospitals were enrolled. Gastroscopy was performed,fasting serum G-17 level,postprandial serum G-17 level and Hp-Ig G antibody were determined by ELISA.Results: Fasting serum G-17 level was significantly increased in Hp positive group than in Hp negative group( P =0. 001),and postprandial serum G-17 level was significantly decreased in CAG group than in non-atrophy group( P =0. 002). AUC of fasting serum G-17 level for diagnosing Hp positive and negative CAG were 0. 634( 95% CI: 0. 537-0. 732) and 0. 576(95% CI: 0. 478-0. 675),respectively,the accuracy were 62. 6% and 54. 9%,respectively. AUC of postprandial serum G-17 level for diagnosing Hp positive and negative CAG were 0. 675( 95% CI: 0. 581-0. 769) and0. 595(95% CI: 0. 495-0. 694),respectively,the accuracy were 61. 8% and 53. 1%,respectively. Conclusions: Hp infection has impact on serum G-17 level,as a result,the diagnostic value of G-17 level for CAG is different for patients with and without Hp infection. Diagnostic values of fast and postprandial serum G-17 for Hp positive CAG are higher thanHp negative CAG."
abstract_short = ""

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = false

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename (excluding '.md') of your project file in `content/project/`.
research = ["Epidemiological investigations"]

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = ""


# Does the content use math formatting?
math = true

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = true

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = ""
caption = ""

+++
